h1. myVIM : This is My VIM configurations on an Ubuntu Linux system

h2. About

* MyVIM configuration found at "http://github.com/jamin4jc/myvim":http://github.com/jamin4jc/myvim 
* Benjamin Wagaman
* ben@wagaman.org
* Special thanks to Chad Humphries.  His "bringing-vim-to-the-people":http://github.com/spicycode/bringing-vim-to-the-people configuration set was the inspiration that helped me realize how awesome VIM could be.  It was also a basis of research for this configuration set.

h3. What's included?

h4. Plugins

* Ack
  version 0.3.1
  http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2572

* Align
  version 7.0
  http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=294

* Buffer Explorer / Browser
  version 7.4.2
  http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=42

* Color Sampler Pack
  version 8.0.3
  http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=625

* Command-T
  version 1.5.1
  http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=3025

* CSApprox
  version 4.00
  http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2390

* Cucumber
  version 1.0
  http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2973
  http://github.com/tpope/vim-cucumber

* Endwise
  version 1.1
  http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2386

* Fugitive
  version 1.1
  http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2975

* Git
  version 5.0
  http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1654

* Git VIM
  http://github.com/motemen/git-vim

* The NERD Commenter : A plugin that allows for easy commenting of code for many filetypes. 
  version 2.2.2
  http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1218

* The NERD tree
  version 4.1.0
  http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1658

* Rails
  version 4.2
  http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1567

* Rake
  version ?
  http://github.com/tpope/vim-rake
 
* Ruby Test
  version 1.0.1
  http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2612

* SuperTab continued. : Do all your insert-mode completion with Tab.
  version 1.0
  http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1643

* Surround : Delete/change/add parentheses/quotes/XML-tags/much more with ease 
  version 1.9.0 
  http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1697

* Textile
  version 0.3
  http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2305
  (This plugin is modified to render preview to firefox in Ubuntu)

*Next*

* Taglist
  http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=273
* FuzzyFinder

h3. Installation Instructions (Given this project is in some_dir)

Run the following script

./setup.sh

h4. Further Instructions and Dependencies

sudo apt-get install

* curl 
* exuberant-ctags
* git-core
* vim-gnome

h4. Command-T

On Installing Command-T, I was getting an error compiling:
error: ‘for’ loop initial declaration used outside C99 mode

See http://amix.dk/blog/post/19501

See Command-T documents on full notes on compiling extensions for Command-T


